this wind system will keep pushing
colder air across the Midwest our spritz
nipper of the week just 24 like his face
my Lincoln Hansen my job is very easy
two hours a day basically reading
prompts hey every couple months someone
throws something at me I receive a large
reward for pretty much zero effort and
contribution the shakes and stuff our
reaction to that I think
why would someone throw a shake at you
you just read the weather how's Shelly
she's doing great it's fruitless for
Shelly to be dancing she should find
another interest that would be more
rewarding to her we've talked about that
but he should do something so my
father's Robert Kane's prison he was a
great writer and a great dad you always
worry about you kids no matter how old
there's always looking out you turned
into it I encouraged Ellie to explore
some other activities and interests
she picked Archer don't forget that
tartar sauce tartar sauce tartar sauce
it's hers
anything else no where is the tartar
sauce but you're trying to improve
matters I am give me time to get it
together I can get it together that's
great do you know that the hardest thing
to do and the right thing to do
are usually the same thing
let's go deez nutz easy doesn't enter
into grown-up life to get anything of
value you have to sacrifice there's a
lesson here
let's finish
[Music]
people don't throw things at me anymore
maybe because I carry a bow around it's
not easy but easy doesn't enter into
grown-up life okay let it go awesome
[Music]